Part 2 Questions
Concisely answer the questions below. Each response should require at most 2–3 sentences.


1. Multiple devices are connected to the local network. For each one, list their MAC
address, IP address, and general purpose (personal computer, router, server, etc).
	~ Apple_e5:66:07 (00:26:08:e5:66:07) IP:10.0.2.1   personal device
	   Apple_d8:0f:fa (04:0c:ce:d8:0f:fa) IP:10.0.2.2   personal device
    	   IntelCor_50:f0:a6 MAC (8c:a9:82:50:f0:a6)  IP:10.0.2.3     router
   

2. One of the clients connects to an FTP server during the trace.
	a. What is the IP address and DNS hostname of the server it connects to?
		-194.109.21.66  ns.xs4all.nl

	b. Based on the packet capture, what’s one major vulnerability of the FTP protocol?
		-The packets aren’t encrypted so all data can be seen and stolen.

	c. Name at least two other common network protocols that can be used in place of
	FTP to provide secure file transfer.
		-FTPS- data encrypted  SSL/TLS
		-HTTPS- data encrypted with SSL/TLS
				Makes the ability to be able to easily look at data shared in packets a lot harder or impossible.

3. The trace shows that at least one of the clients makes HTTPS connections to sites other
than Facebook. Pick one of these connections and answer the following:
	a. What is the domain name of the site the client is connecting to?
		- YouTube.com

	b. Is there any way the HTTPS server can protect against the leak of domain name
	information from part (a)?
		- no because the dns request and response won’t be encrypted as it needs to be plain text to be looked up. 
		    Might be possible to change how dns works so it is encrypted.

	c. At the very beginning of an HTTPS, the client and server agree on a cipher suite
	to use and exchange encryption keys. How many cipher suites does the client
	support?
		- client supports 36 cipher suites (Client Hello)

	d. What cipher suite does the server choose for the connection?
		- The sever uses Cipher Suite: TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA (0xc011).  (Server Hello)
	
	e. Who verified the server’s identity by signing their certificate?
		- servers certificate was signed by Google Internet Authority  

4. One of the clients makes a number of requests to Facebook.
	a. Facebook processes logins over HTTPS, so that user’s passwords are
	encrypted. Despite this, what is insecure about the way that Facebook
	authenticates the user?
		-It uses authentication token/cookies to validate who the user is
	b. How could this allow an attacker to impersonate a user on Facebook?
		-An attacker could just copy these cookies that are in this packet and use them to verify themselves 

	c. How can this type of attack be prevented?
		-When verifying a user also store and check an IP cookie to see if the request is coming from the usual place the user logs in from
			also send data over ssl
	d. What did the user do on Facebook?